I'm going to be honest - the original part of me significantly outweights the part that I didn't write myself. In fact, there is literally no code were copy pasted at all. Therefore:

- Instead of the code snippets, I will be highlighting more to the concepts rather the codes.
- And instead of showing which part is original, I'm showing parts that are not originally came from myself instead so that probably rename this file `INORIGINALITY.md`.

But before I'm showing the inoriginalities, I'm going to make a bold claim again that I wrote all the code myself. I have previously used all of the dependencies and actually have good experience on that on many projects, especially on [my Bottlebot1904 project](https://github.com/parampaa2/bottlebot1904) that really harness all of them thoroughly.

This is (one and only one) inoriginality in this assignment. I will explain the background followed by the inoriginality.

The projection part was actually not described really well on the book. The book only explains the math implications for the resulting coordinates from using 3x3 matrix as H transformation matrix. The book only explain this:

Given initial coordinates and H matrix:
```python
[
    [h00, h01, h02],
    [h10, h11, h12],
    [h20, h21, h22]
]
```
The resulting coordinates will have this as result:
```python
x' = (x*h00 + y*h01 + h02)/(x*h20 + y*h21 + h22)
y' = (x*h10 + y*h11 + h12)/(x*h20 + y*h21 + h22)
```
This only implies that `h20`, `h21`, and `h22` will make the resulting coordinate so small it shrinks to anchor point the bigger any of them are.

The book didn't explain on what should we fill to replace those placeholder variables, not like the other transformations. What has to be highlighted, The book also **did not show or explain any bit of how do we find those variables**. I reached out to internet and stumbled upon two courses from Udacity:

- Lesson 22-23 in [Introduction to Computer Vision](https://www.udacity.com/course/introduction-to-computer-vision--ud810)
- Lesson 25 in [Computational Photography](https://www.udacity.com/course/computational-photography--ud955)

That courses told us that those placeholder must be found through solving for the first 8 variables (the `h22` is assumed to be `1`, so it is not 9 variables) from a system of 8 equations. That equations take pairs of origin-target transformation points as input. The explained equation was solving `Ah=0` where `A` is the matrix generated by those inputs, while `h` is:
```python
h = [h00, h01, h02, h10, h11, h12, h20, h21]
```
and the `0` on the right side of equation is basically a vector shaped like `h` filled with zeroes. 

However, the courses didn't reveal on what to fill in `A`. I reached out my colleague [Rama Lesmana](https://github.com/Romeless) and found out [this article on Math Stackexchange](https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/494238/how-to-compute-homography-matrix-h-from-corresponding-points-2d-2d-planar-homog) that reveals what to do with `A` matrix.

With that, i just need to solve `h`. But since solving equations is hard, I discussed again and Rama pointed out that I can just move the `A` to the right side equations, therefore `h=A'B`. No more fuss solving for h using any kind of linear algebra solving methods that is just not worth the time to code in for this assignment that only have short time duration of doing it.

The rest is original.